                  Module 1 - Practice Quiz: Containers and Containerization
            Practice Quiz. • 15 min. • 5 total points available.5 total points

Question 1: What is a container?
Answer: A standard unit of software that packages code and all its dependencies.

Question 2: What are some of the traits of containers?
Answer: Containers save both time and money and improve utilization.

Question 3: What is Docker?
Answer: An open platform used for developing, shipping, and running applications in containers.

Question 4: What does an image name consist of?
Answer: The hostname, the repository, and the tag.

Question 5: What are the three parts of the Docker architecture?
Answers:
Registry
Client
Host

                  Module 1 - Graded Quiz: Containers and Containerization

Question 1: Do containers have to be on a specific operating system or platform?
Answer: No, containers work on many types of operating systems and platforms.

Question 2: How are digital containers like shipping containers?
Answer: Container size and specs are standardized, which makes them easier to move around.

Question 3: What applications are a good fit for Docker?
Answer: Applications that require flexible scaling and portability.

Question 4: What are three parts of Docker’s underlying technology?
Answers:
Linux kernel features
Namespaces
The Go programming language

Question 5: What Docker features create a container image?
Answer: The build command and a Dockerfile.

Question 6: What are the steps used to create and run containers?
Answer: Create a Dockerfile, use it to create a container image, and then use the container image to create a running container.

Question 7: What is the function of the Docker ‘run’ command?
Answer: Creates a container from an image.

Question 8: What is a Docker container?
Answer: A runnable instance of an image.

Question 9: What are volumes and bind mounts used for in Docker?
Answer: Persisting data.

Question 10: What does the Docker client-server architecture provide?
Answer: An application environment


