Question 1: What are three true statements about Red Hat OpenShift?
Answers:
Red Hat OpenShift provides full-stack automated operations and self-service provisioning for developers to efficiently move ideas from development to production.
Red Hat OpenShift is a consistent application platform used to manage hybrid, multi-cloud, and edge deployments.
Red Hat OpenShift provides additional tooling around the complete lifecycle of applications, from Build to CI/CD, to monitoring and logs.

Question 2: What are three examples of Build input sources?
Answers:
External artifacts
Input Secrets
Inline Dockerfile definitions

Question 3: What do Operators provide?
Answer:  Integration with APIs and CLI tools

Question 4: What is a valid Istio feature?
Answer: Istio provides Service communication metrics for basic Service monitoring needs: latency, traffic, errors, and saturation.

Question 5: What are three functions of a service mesh?
Answers:
Provides Service behavior metrics for optimization
Encrypts traffic between Services
Manages traffic between Services

                              Module 4 - Graded Quiz: The Kubernetes Ecosystem


Question 1: What strategy was Red Hat OpenShift designed for?
Answer: A hybrid-cloud strategy.

Question 2: Which three statements are true?
Answers:
The oc lets you script OpenShift operations.
The oc lets you manage projects during restricted bandwidth or availability of the web console.
The oc lets you work directly with project source code using command script. 

Question 3: What are three added features that OpenShift provides?
Answers:
Good networking solutions out of the box
Better user experience
Better management through image streams

Question 4: What are the three Build triggers used in OpenShift?
Answers:
Configuration change
Image change
Webhook

Question 5: What are the two features of an ImageStream?
Answers:
Provides a trigger capability when a new version of an image is available
Creates and updates container images

Question 6: What three processes are performed by the Operator Framework tool set?
Answers:
Package
Testing
Coding

Question 7: What are the three features of Custom Resource Definitions (CRDs)?
Answers:
Extend Kubernetes functionality
Can be engaged with kubectl
Make Kubernetes API more modular

Question 8: What packages, deploys, and manages native apps in Kubernetes?
Answer: An Operator

---Question 9: In Istio, what handles communication between services?
Answer: The proxy server, 
The control plane,
Environmental changes

Question 10: What provides traffic management to control the flow of traffic between Services?
Answer: A service mesh
